Adds guides for WordPress Vanilla and WordPress Bedrock (#4340)
platformsh/platformsh-docs: sites/upsun/src/get-started/stacks/wordpress/composer.md

---
title: Deploy Composer-based WordPress on {{% vendor/name %}}
sidebarTitle: "Composer WordPress"
weight: -65
description: |
    Complete the last required steps to successfully deploy WordPress on Upsun.
---

{{< note theme="info" >}}

Before you start, check out the [{{% vendor/name %}} demo app](https://console.upsun.com/projects/create-project)
and the main [Getting started guide](/get-started/here/_index.md).

> They provide all the core concepts and common commands you need to know before using the following materials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These resources provide all the core concepts and common commands you need to know before using the following materials.
```

Author: Corrected in latest push
